so leading up to Avengers infinity war
I'm recapping in detail what has already
transpired in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe phase by phase this is Mary
rivers MCU movie marathon this recap
focuses on Phase two where Marvel had
more leeway to take risk since their
previous films were so successful phase
two begins with Iron Man 3 the final
chapter and Iron Man's trilogy this
movie follows a few months after the
Avengers battle in New York Tony Stark
is suffering from PTSD and paranoid that
events like this will occur again he
throws himself into improving his Iron
Man suit technology after Tony's good
friend happy as hurt in a terrorist
attack led by the mysterious Mandarin
Tony boldly and pretty stupidly gives
his home address to the Mandarin pretty
much telling him to run up if he's
really about that life the Mandarin
calls his bluff by blowing up his home
while stark and Pepper Potts are inside
starkers presumed dead but he wakes up
to find himself in a small town in
Tennessee with his suits energy
completely depleted his suit was
essentially put on autopilot when start
became unconscious inside of it and now
he's stranded Tony eventually discovers
that the Mandarin is a fake and the man
behind everything is actually a
scientist named Aldrich Killian Killian
co-developed a serum called extremists
which gives the user power so to speak
or the serum turns the user into a
walking time bomb Killian captured
Tony's girlfriend Pepper Potts and
forces her to be exposed to extremists
timming up once again with his best
friend Colonel Rhodes aka war machine
Tony initiates the house party protocol
which summons countless amounts of Iron
Man armors to put a stop to Killian
after the battle was won Tony initiates
the clean slate protocol destroying all
of his suits and he is able to cure
pepper of the extremists Tony also has
the shrapnel in his chest removed
meaning he'll no longer have to depend
on the arc reactor to keep him alive the
second movie of Marvel's phase 2 comes
with door the dark world which
begins with doors girlfriend Jane Foster
accidentally exposing herself to an
ancient powerful weapon caught the ether
the ether is actually the reality stone
yet another infinity stone to be
revealed in the MCU Thor brings Jane to
Asgard so their scientists can
investigate this infection she has
meanwhile the dark elf Malekith awakens
after a millennia of hibernation to
claim the ether and bring the universe
to reality of complete darkness to stop
him Thor teams up with his imprisoned
brother Loki and in their encounter to
save Jane Loki sacrifices himself while
Jane is relieved of the ether
now merging himself with Malekith in a
portal jumping final battle between the
nine realms door eventually stops
Malekith after the battle is won and
Thor ultimately decides to steal on
earth with Jane it is revealed that Loki
is still alive and impersonating his
father Odin as the king of Asgard next
up in Phase two came Captain America the
Winter Soldier Steve Rogers are
struggling to acclimate himself back
into the world and has also been working
as an agent of shield this epic spy
thriller sees Nick Fury reveal what is
known as project insight - Captain
America this is a plan in which three
massive helicarriers have the capability
to preemptively wipe out potential
threats via an advanced sniper cannon
mega magic cap doesn't see this as a
solution calling fury out on this being
a plan based out of fear and not
protection meanwhile a mysterious
assassin codenamed
the Winter Soldier makes an attempt on
Fury's life all the while shield has
also been compromised by caps old
nemesis hydra who have slowly integrated
themselves into shield cap really gives
to show off what he's made of
in this film with some breathtaking
action sequences it is revealed that
Nick Fury's boss Alexander Pierce is a
man behind it all including the
brainwashed assassin the Winter Soldier
who is none other than caps best friend
from World War two Bucky Barnes cap and
black widow team-up with a newly
introduced hero Sam Wilson aka the
Falcon to put a stop to Pierce's plans
to launch project insight they disable
the three helicarrier's as cap is forced
to fight his brainwashed best friend
to end this battle a seemingly aware
Bucky saves cap from drowning then goes
into hiding
fury puts down Pierce and Black Widow
leaks classified shield Intel to expose
Hydra cap and the Falcon go on and try
to track down the winter soldiers
whereabouts on to what is one of the
most beloved films in the entire MCU
Marvel introduces the guardians of the
galaxy this game-changing cosmic
adventure centers around a group of
outlaws who choose to set aside their
differences to save the galaxy Peter
quill aka star-lord still is a
mysterious valuable order from a distant
planet on his way to sell it he is
attacked by Gamora a lethal assassin and
the daughter of the Dino's who tries to
steal the orb
all the while bounty hunters rocket a
genetically altered Raccoon and Groot a
talking tree attack cool as well they
all end up being arrested by the Nova
Corps an intergalactic peacekeeping
force and sent to prison while there
they have the pleasure of meeting Jax a
seemingly simple minded brute who seeks
revenge on gomorrah's former master
Ronan who killed his family after rocket
comes up with an elaborate but reckless
escape plan the Guardians head to a
place called nowhere to sell the orb to
someone known as the collector he
reveals that the orb is an infinity
stone and briefly explains to them the
history behind the emits power that they
have in their possession
Ronon arrives with nebula gomorrah's
evil sister and after everything that
could possibly go wrong goes wrong the
Guardians team up with the Nova Corps to
stop Ronan who now has the Infinity
stones while all this madness is
happening groups sacrifices himself to
save his fellow Guardians and don't lie
you know your allergies were triggered
star-lord and Ronan go at it in a
dance-off and I'm not trying to be funny
here they they actually have a dance-off
well more like star-lord has to
dance-off with himself because Ronan's a
party pooper but while distracted the
Guardians get possession of the Infinity
stone and their combined efforts are
able to contain the power of the orb and
destroy Ronan after saving the galaxy
the guardians are pardoned and the orbit
safely in the custody of the Nova Corps
also baby Groot is born next up in Phase
two of the MCU is Avengers age of Ultron
now back on earth with our familiar band
of heroes
we see The Avengers attack a hidden
Hydra base to recover Loki's scepter
from the first Avengers an evil doctor
had been experimenting on people to give
them superpowers the only successful
experiments were the twins Pietro and
Wanda Maxima also known as Quicksilver
and Scarlet Witch once the Avengers
retrieve the scepter they set back to
New York to party Tony Stark and Bruce
Banner had the brilliant idea of using
the scepter to complete an artificial
intelligence peacekeeping program that
they've been working on codenamed
Voltron The Avengers after-party is
crashed by a misguided Ultron who
actually sees the Avengers as the
problem with the world
Ultron escapes and during the later
altercation Scarlet Witch messes with
the minds of the Avengers leading to an
epic fight between the Hulk and Iron
Man's Hulkbuster armor the aftermath
leads the Avengers discombobulated and
forced to retreat to Hawkeye safehouse
Ultron makes off with some vibranium
from a black market arms dealer Ulysses
Klaw
Ultron plans on using this vibranium to
transfer himself into the perfect
indestructible body while the Avengers
are at Hawkeye safehouse thor leaves to
look into this vision he had about the
Infinity stones while Scarlet Witch
messed with his mind
The Avengers set off once they get
Ultron's location and managed to capture
the body that Ultron plan to use as his
new perfect self stark uploads his
personal artificial intelligence Jarvis
into this body it is also revealed that
Loki's scepter was encasing an infinity
stone which the door comes back to spark
to life now the vision is born the
vision chooses to a theaters in their
fight against Ultron along with the
super power to maximal twins who learn
of Ultron's true evil plans in the final
battle in the sky with some awesome
action sequences The Avengers stop
Ultron's army of robots and sokovia
vision destroys Ultron Pietro ends up
sacrificing himself saving Hawkeye and
the Hulk ends up leaving in a clincher
into space after he realizes he's too
much of a danger to stay on earth the
Avengers go their separate ways once
more while some new recruits now fill
the roster in this movie's post-credit
scene Dennis the mad Titan is shown
again but this time he is done waiting
and feels it's time to face two didn't
in there though with Marvel taking
another gamble introducing the
character ant-man this movie shows a
former cat burglar Scott Lang fresh out
of jail reluctantly returned to his
criminal ways in order to pay child
support for his daughter Hank Pym a
brilliant scientist elaborately sets up
laying in order to test lengths leaving
abilities for a mission he needed him
for Lange unknowingly breaks into Hank
Pym home and manages to steal the
vintage looking motorcycle suit Lange
later puts on the suit only to learn
that it has shrinking capabilities
turning him into ant-man Pym reveals to
Lange who he is and what he needs him
for to break into his former protege
Darren crosses lab because cross
developed technology to mimic Pym
shrinking technology only he plans to
sell the dangerous tech to the highest
bidder
him and his daughter hope Van Dyne
trained Scott on how to use the ant-man
suit and they show him all that he is
now capable of doing Lange ends up
succeeding with PIMs plan and they
destroy both crosses facility and his
research this hilarious heist film has
the most miniature of final battles but
it's no less as awesome
all right so what was your favorite
movie in phase 2 of the MCU I want to
make sure everyone is primed and ready
for Avengers infinity war so be sure to
hit that Bell below to turn on my
notifications so you won't miss the last
video in this series recapping phase 3
tomorrow and if you're already caught up
on the MCU and need a refresher on the
last-known location of all the Infinity
stones click that video right there if
you enjoyed this video remember to give
it a big thumbs up share it with your
friends and don't forget to subscribe to
see more awesome content like this until
next time no deliver we out